Update 2021-11-22-til-cleaner-queries-with-ecto-map.md (#2733)
elixirschool/elixirschool: posts/2021-11-22-til-cleaner-queries-with-ecto-map.md

# TIL: Cleaner queries with Ecto `map`

> When working with large tables, a common practice avoids using `SELECT *` to make better use of computer resources and database indices.

Reviewer: Thanks @angrycandy! I think we may still be missing something from this sentence 🤔 How does this read:

```suggestion
When working with large tables a common practice is to avoid using `SELECT *` to make better use of database indices and resources.
```

I also rearranged the end of the sentence to emphasize the benefit is to indices. 

cc @SophieDeBenedetto
